[local-authentication] Add isAvailableAsync and tests (#10171)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/local-authentication.md

## Methods

### `LocalAuthentication.isAvailableAsync()`

> Returns whether the Local Authentication API is enabled on the current device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns whether the native Local Authentication API is available on the current platform.
```

#### Returns

> Async `boolean`, indicating whether the Local Authentication API is avaliable on the current device. Currently this resolves `true` on iOS and Android only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Async `boolean`, indicating whether the Local Authentication API is available on the current platform. Currently this resolves to `true` on iOS and Android only.
```
